May 2019 helsinki workshop (#177)
coderefinery/coderefinery.org: _workshops/2019-05-27-helsinki.md

---
layout: master
include: workshop-3day
permalink: /workshops/2019-05-27-helsinki/
city: Helsinki
dates: May 27-29, 2019
time: 9:00 am to 5:00 pm
num_seats: 30
contact: support@coderefinery.org
registration_open_date: March 20
registration_is_closed: true
registration_form: "https://indico.neic.no/event/75/"
instructors:
    - Richard Darst
    - Juho Lehtonen
    - João M. da Silva
    - Stefan Negru
helpers:
    - TBA
location: |

>           27th May and 28th May <a href="https://tilavaraus.helsinki.fi/fi/kumpula/exactum-pietari-kalmin-katu-5/exactum-d122">Exactum, D122</a>, Pietari Kalmin katu 5, Helsinki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          University of Helsinki, Kumpula Campus, Exactum building.  Address: Pietari Kalmin katu 5, Helsinki.
          27th May and 28th May, Exactum D122.
```

>           29th May <a href="https://tilavaraus.helsinki.fi/fi/kumpula/exactum-pietari-kalmin-katu-5/exactum-d122">Exactum, B222</a>, Pietari Kalmin katu 5, Helsinki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          29th May, Exactum B222.
```

Not sure if these suggestions are working, but the links didn't seem to have much useful info and maybe were some internal thing?  Anyway, clarified the location a little bit (not that I have been there often).
